Question 1:

Write about any difficult problem that you solved. (According to us difficult - is something which 90% of people would have only 10% probability in getting a similarly good solution). 
Ans:
One of The my Project is object detection and tracking the object detection and tracking is one of the areas of computer vision that is maturing very rapidly . For this i used a tools Numpy, OpenCv and ImageAI, most people are not use in open cv in that programm . the opencv is a open source of computer vision and machine learning library . This library is capabal of processing real time images and videos .OpenCV was built to provide a common infrastructure for computer vision applications and to accelerate the use of machine perception in the commercial products. most of people do mistake in opencv library, because of there complicated functions. There are so many tutorials and stuff online that you can just put a bunch of copy paste a lot without understanding the mathematics for Capture of live Image and Video we use 0 & if video is precapture then we use 1. The Project is about to Counting a No. of Cars and Bikes Passess through Road And Captured By Road CCTV. What are the common challenges and advantages of Object Tracking? The main challenges usually stem from issues in the image that make it difficult for object tracking models to effectively perform detections on the images.

Here, we will discuss the few most common issues with the task of tracking objects and methods of preventing or dealing with these challenges.

Training and Tracking Speed
Background Distractions
Multiple Spatial Scales 4.Multiple Object Tracking (MOT)

Qustion 2:

Explain back propagation and tell us how you handle a dataset if 4 out of 30 parameters have null values more than 40 percentage 
Ans:
Back propogation is the essence of neural net taining. It is the method of fine-tuning the weight of a neural net based on the error rate obtain in the previous epoch. Proper tuning of the weights allows you to reduce error rates and to make the model reliable by increaseing its generalization. back propogation is a short form for 'backward propogation of errors'. It is a standard method of training artificial neural networks. This method helps to calculate the gradient of a loss function with respects to all the weights in the network. 
In dataset if we have more null values then their are many method we can do during visualization of dataset we can Replacing With Arbitrary Value. Replacing With Median,Mode Impute the Most Frequent Value.
